Dark light, just light each other. The responsibility that 
 you and my shoulders take together, such as 
 one dust covers up. Only afraid the light suddenly put
  out in theendless dark night and countless
  loneliness.

      We are all in the position of the farmer. If we plant a good seed, we reap a good harvest. If our seed
  is poor and full of weeds, we reap a useless crop. If we plant nothing at all, we harvest nothing at all. I 
 want the future to be better than the past. I do not want it contaminated by the mistakes and errors 
 with which history is filled. We should all be concerned about the future because that is where we 
 will spend the remainder of our lives.

        Now I know that there are no times in life when opportunity, the chance to be and do gathers
  so richly about my soul when it has to suffer cruel adversity. Then everything depends on whether
  I raise my head or lower it in seeking help. 
      Whenever I am struck down, in the future, by any terrible defeat, I will inquire of myself, 
 after the first pain has passed, how I can turn that adversity into good. What a great opportunity
  that moment may present¡ª¡ªto take the bitter root I am holding and transform it into fragrant
  garden of flowers.
If it is my last, it will be my greatest moment. This day I will make the best day of my life. 
 This day I will drink every minute to its full. I will savor its taste and give thanks. I will make the 
 every hour count and each minute I will trade only for something of value. 
  
     I will labor harder than ever before and push my muscles until they cry for relief, and then
  I will continue. Each minute of today will be more fruitful than hours of yesterday. My last
  must be my best.I will live this day as if it is my last. And if it is not, I shall fall to my knees 
 and give thanks to god.
    Life is full of confusing and disordering particular time, a particular location, do the 
 arranged thing of ten million time in the brain. Step by step , the life is hard to avoid 
 delicacy and stiffness, no enthusiasm forever and no unexpected happening of surprising
  and pleasing. So, only silently ask myself in mind£ºnext happiness, when will come?

    When the door of happiness closes, another opens, but often times we look so long 
 at the closed door that we don't see the one which has been opened for us. Don't go for 
 looks, they can deceive. Don't go for wealth, even that fades away. Go for someone who
  makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright. Find 
 the one that makes your heart smiles


     What will matter is not how many people you knew, but how many will feel a lasting
  loss when you're gone. What will matter is not your memories, but the memories of 
 those who loved you. What will matter is how long you will be remembered, by whom
  and for what. Living a life that matters doesn¡¯t happen by accident.

     Treasure every moment that you have! Yesterday is history, tomorrow is mystery.
  Today is a gift. That's why it's called "the present".